
<h2 class="sectionedit1" id="basics-of-editing">Basics of Editing</h2>
<div class="level2">
<!-- EDIT2 PLUGIN_WRAP_START [0-] --><div class="group plugin_wrap"><!-- EDIT4 PLUGIN_WRAP_START [0-] --><div class="wrap_column plugin_wrap" style="width: 100%;">
<p>
This guide is for new editors who may not be familiar with wiki editing or editing in general. This guide only requires:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> an account on <a href="https://lurker.pro" class="urlextern" title="https://lurker.pro" rel="nofollow">lurker.pro</a> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> an account with editor permissions (which you most likely have)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<h3 class="sectionedit6" id="creating-an-article">Creating an Article</h3>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Creating an Article" [306-] -->
<p>
To create an article, navigate to the namespace<sup><a href="#refnotes:1:note1" name="refnotes:1:ref1" class="refnotes-ref note-popup">1)</a></sup> of your choosing. Add a forward slash after the namespace, then the name of the page you wish to create<sup><a href="#refnotes:1:note2" name="refnotes:1:ref2" class="refnotes-ref note-popup">2)</a></sup> (ex. ableton/plugins/beatrepeat). If the page has not been created, you will be shown a blank page. You are then able to create said page and edit it freely.
</p>

<h3 class="sectionedit7" id="editing-a-page-or-article">Editing a Page or Article</h3>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "Editing a Page or Article" [877-] -->
<p>
There are no distinctions between pages and articles besides their content. However, for the sake of this guide, “pages” contain content that directs the user, and “articles” contain content that explains a topic to the user. For example, <a href="https://lurker.pro/editing" class="urlextern" title="https://lurker.pro/editing" rel="nofollow">lurker.pro/editing</a> is a page or namespace, and <a href="https://lurker.pro/editing/basics" class="urlextern" title="https://lurker.pro/editing/basics" rel="nofollow">lurker.pro/editing/basics</a> is an article.
</p>
</div><!-- EDIT5 PLUGIN_WRAP_END [0-] --></div><!-- EDIT3 PLUGIN_WRAP_END [0-] -->
</div>
<div class="refnotes">
<hr>
<div class="notes">
<div class="note justify">
<sup><b><a href="#refnotes:1:ref1" name="refnotes:1:note1" class="backref">1)</a></b></sup>
<span id="refnotes:1:note1:text">
For example, in <a href="https://lurker.pro/ableton/guides" class="urlextern" title="https://lurker.pro/ableton/guides" rel="nofollow">lurker.pro/ableton/guides</a>, ableton is the namespace and guides is a page
</span></div>
<div class="note justify">
<sup><b><a href="#refnotes:1:ref2" name="refnotes:1:note2" class="backref">2)</a></b></sup>
<span id="refnotes:1:note2:text">
You may also type <span class="wrap_lo ">?do=edit</span> after the page name to begin editing immediately
</span></div>
</div>
</div>
