
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="refnotes_configuration">RefNotes Configuration</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
On this page you modify the configuration settings used by <a href="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Arefnotes" class="interwiki iw_doku" target="_tab" title="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Arefnotes" rel="noopener">RefNotes plugin</a>. There are three sections that group related settings:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>General settings</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <em>Use footnotes syntax</em> — if enabled the RefNotes plugin will be used to handle native DokuWiki footnotes along with it&#039;s own syntax.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <em>Enable reference database</em> — if enabled the plugin will load predefined notes form the <a href="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Arefnotes%3Arefdb" class="interwiki iw_doku" target="_tab" title="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Arefnotes%3Arefdb" rel="noopener">reference database</a>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <em>Reference database namespace</em> — DokuWiki namespace for the reference database.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Namespaces</strong> — in this section you can specify rendering style for predefined namespaces. For a detailed explanation of each style see the <a href="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Arefnotes%3Astyle" class="interwiki iw_doku" target="_tab" title="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Arefnotes%3Astyle" rel="noopener">style reference</a>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>Notes</strong> — this section is used to predefine commonly used notes.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <em>Inline</em> — specifies if the note text should be <a href="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Arefnotes%3Asyntax#inline_notes" class="interwiki iw_doku" target="_tab" title="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Arefnotes%3Asyntax#inline_notes" rel="noopener">inlined</a>. For inline notes you can configure if various reference styles are applied or not.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Settings that are shown on a blue background are the default values. In the <em>Namespaces</em> section settings that are shown on a green background are inherited from the parent namespace.
</p>

<p>
Remember to press the <strong>Save</strong> button on the bottom of this page before leaving otherwise your changes will be lost.
</p>

</div>
