
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="lurker_prostyle_guide">Lurker Pro: Style Guide</h1>
<div class="level1">
<!-- EDIT2 PLUGIN_WRAP_START [0-] --><div class="group plugin_wrap"><!-- EDIT4 PLUGIN_WRAP_START [0-] --><div class="wrap_column plugin_wrap" style="width: 100%;">
<p>
Below is a style guide for editing on Lurker. When writing or editing, please conform to these guidelines, as that will help us keep this resource clean, tidy, and consistent.
</p>

<h1 class="sectionedit6" id="spelling">Spelling</h1>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Spelling" [249-] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit7" id="uppercase_lowercase">Uppercase &amp; Lowercase</h2>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "Uppercase & Lowercase" [273-] --><ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Digital Audio Workstations are uppercased;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>Ableton Live</span>, not <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>ableton live</span>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>Pro Tools</span>, not <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>pro tools</span>.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Plugins are uppercased;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>Compressor</span>, <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>not compressor</span>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>Kontakt</span>, not <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>ni kontakt</span>.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Compound expressions, such as <span style='color:#22b14c; '>FL Keys, NI Kontakt, Xfer Serum</span> are uppercased. However, when used in a more casual context and as a single word, the beginning compound is dropped: <span style='color:#22b14c; '>Keys, Kontakt, Serum</span>.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<h2 class="sectionedit8" id="abbreviations_acronyms">Abbreviations &amp; Acronyms</h2>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "Abbreviations & Acronyms" [953-] --><ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Avoid using abbreviations such as <em>TIL</em>, <em>AKA</em>, <em>ITT</em>, etc in articles – <em>ex.</em>, <em>i.e.</em>, and other functional abbreviations are okay.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> If an abbreviation is used, it must be fully capitalized unless otherwise necessary.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>BME, BMEd</span></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>bme, bmed</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Avoid using full stops (periods) in between the letters of an acronym unless otherwise necessary.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<h2 class="sectionedit9" id="bolding">Bolding</h2>
<!-- EDIT9 SECTION "Bolding" [1408-] --><ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If possible, <strong>bold</strong> the first instance of the page&#039;s title within the text. This may be unnecessary for longer titles.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<h2 class="sectionedit10" id="punctuation">Punctuation</h2>
<!-- EDIT10 SECTION "Punctuation" [1554-] --><ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Basic punctuation rules apply.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Try to avoid use of excessive exclamation marks (!!) or question marks (??);</div>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> When using a hyphen to introduce a list of one item, or to change a thought mid-sentence, use a double-hyphen without any spaces;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>Here is a thought–I want to say something on a small tangent.</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> When beginning a new sentence, use only a single space after a full stop (period);</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>Here is another thought. I just wanted to say it.</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> When creating a list, use the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serial_comma" class="urlextern" target="_tab" title="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serial_comma" rel="nofollow noopener">Oxford Comma</a>.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>Item one, two, and three.</span></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>Item one, two and three.</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<h2 class="sectionedit11" id="numbers">Numbers</h2>
<!-- EDIT11 SECTION "Numbers" [2291-] --><ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> For numbers taken directly from DAWs (versions, plugins, etc), use numerals;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>FL Studio 12</span></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>Ableton Live 9</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> For all numbering up to twenty, use their corresponding English words;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>The compressor has <strong><em class="u">four</em></strong> main parameters</span>.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> For production related numbering, use numerals;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>3dB of gain reduction.</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<h2 class="sectionedit12" id="currency">Currency</h2>
<!-- EDIT12 SECTION "Currency" [2736-] --><ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Currencies should use their country-specific symbol and punctuation.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>€13,00</span></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>$15.27</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Avoid using currency conversion unless dealing in values of one-hundred or more. If more than two prices are available, only provide USD and EUR (if applicable), with the lower of the two coming first.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>€379–$499</span></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>$499 (€379)</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<h1 class="sectionedit13" id="page_location">Page Location</h1>
<!-- EDIT13 SECTION "Page Location" [3196-] --><ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> When deciding on the location of new categories or pages, decide whether the category or page meets the following critera:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> If the page or category is a <strong>guide</strong>:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> place under a pre-existing guide namespace (for example, /ableton/guides).</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> If the page or category is a <strong>general resource</strong><sup><a href="#fn__1" id="fnt__1" class="fn_top">1)</a></sup>:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> place under the <a href="/resources" class="wikilink1" title="resources">/resources</a> namespace<sup><a href="#fn__2" id="fnt__2" class="fn_top">2)</a></sup>.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> If the page or category is a <strong>specified resource</strong><sup><a href="#fn__3" id="fnt__3" class="fn_top">3)</a></sup>: </div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> place under the specified work environment&#039;s <em>Miscellaneous</em> section.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> If the page or category <strong>does not meet</strong> any of the above criteria:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> look at similarly designed pages or categories;</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> post in <a href="/requests" class="wikilink1" title="requests">/requests</a> for advice.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<h1 class="sectionedit14" id="design">Design</h1>
<!-- EDIT14 SECTION "Design" [4144-] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit15" id="page_design">Page Design</h2>
<!-- EDIT15 SECTION "Page Design" [4166-] --><ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Names of pages (links) should only separated by a single underscore (_) unless otherwise needed:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>multiband_compressor</span></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>multibandcompressor</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> If the page&#039;s name contains meeting letters (where a word&#039;s final letter starts the next word), add a single underscore to separate the two words.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>studio_one</span></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>studioone</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The largest heading size should be H1, and the smallest should be H4 unless otherwise needed. If you are unsure about headings and heading sizes, take a look <a href="/wiki/syntax#sectioning" class="wikilink1" title="wiki:syntax">here</a>.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<h2 class="sectionedit16" id="category_design">Category Design</h2>
<!-- EDIT16 SECTION "Category Design" [4817-] --><ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> All categories must follow the same basic outline:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> Heading at the top of the page containing the category&#039;s name:<sup><a href="#fn__4" id="fnt__4" class="fn_top">4)</a></sup></div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <code>====== Resources ======</code></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> Small description of the category and its contents:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <code>“Below lists various resources that should not be listed on any other page.”</code></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> If the category is going to host subpages, include <code>{{simplenavi&gt;CATEGORYNAME}}</code> below any heading. This will automatically display any pages inside the parent namespace using an unordered list.<sup><a href="#fn__5" id="fnt__5" class="fn_top">5)</a></sup></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<h2 class="sectionedit17" id="article_design">Article Design</h2>
<!-- EDIT17 SECTION "Article Design" [5562-] --><ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Do not include any punctuations in headings unless the heading features a sub-category to direct the user. </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Ableton: Overview</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Headings that are questions should be re-formulated in an expressive way. <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>“Why mix this way?”</span> could become <span style='color:#22b14c; '>“Theory of this method”</span> or similar.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Words such as in, at, on, to, etc should <strong>not</strong> be uppercased in headings.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If we find any references to unwritten articles before release, about which we do not know how they would be filled out, they will be purged.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<h1 class="sectionedit18" id="point_of_view">Point of View</h1>
<!-- EDIT18 SECTION "Point of View" [6146-] --><ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> In guides, speak with the reader as a 2nd person:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>For clean mixes, <strong><em class="u">you</em></strong> should cut sub-frequencies that can muddy up the mix.</span></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> In articles or pages, speak to the reader as a 3rd person:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#22b14c; '>Enabling Auto Release will adjust the release time automatically based on the incoming signal</span>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <span style='color:#ed1c24; '>If <strong><em class="u">you</em></strong> enable Auto Release, <strong><em class="u">it</em></strong> will adjust the release time automatically based on the incoming signal</span>.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If an ambiguous pronoun is needed, use “they”, “theirs”, “it”, or “it&#039;s” instead of “he/she.” This keeps the article quick and to the point.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> However, good practice is to generally write so that pronouns are not need altogether.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</div><!-- EDIT5 PLUGIN_WRAP_END [0-] --></div><!-- EDIT3 PLUGIN_WRAP_END [0-] -->
</div>
<div class="footnotes">
<div class="fn"><sup><a href="#fnt__1" id="fn__1" class="fn_bot">1)</a></sup> 
<div class="content">A resource that is dependent on a specific DAW or work environment</div></div>
<div class="fn"><sup><a href="#fnt__2" id="fn__2" class="fn_bot">2)</a></sup> 
<div class="content"> YouTube videos and other external content should go under this namespace.</div></div>
<div class="fn"><sup><a href="#fnt__3" id="fn__3" class="fn_bot">3)</a></sup> 
<div class="content">A resource that is not dependent on a specific DAW or work environment</div></div>
<div class="fn"><sup><a href="#fnt__4" id="fn__4" class="fn_bot">4)</a></sup> 
<div class="content">Headings must be size H1. Subsequent headings may also be H1 if needed.</div></div>
<div class="fn"><sup><a href="#fnt__5" id="fn__5" class="fn_bot">5)</a></sup> 
<div class="content">More information on Simplenavi can be found here – <a href="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin:simplenavi" class="urlextern" target="_tab" title="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin:simplenavi" rel="nofollow noopener">Simplenavi Documentation</a></div></div>
</div>
